I was lucky to see Avatar at a pre-screening a few hours ago. It completely blew me and the whole room away and i dare to say it will do so to 80% of any audience anywhere. The remaining 20%, who always finds something to complain about, will whine about character development, dialog, story or the pop-corn.

Well, let me tell you: they went to this movie with the wrong expectations.

You have most likely met Cameron's previous work(s): Aliens, Terminator 1 & 2, The Abyss, Titanic (!), just to name a few.

So WHAT should you expect from Avatar??? MORE of the same!!! More of revolutionary film-making, more of grandiose new ideas, more of never-before-seen special effects, more of 150 minutes without relapsing, more of the James Cameron genius...

I am very happy that the trailers didn't give the full story away. Lots of emotions are waiting for the viewer, laughter and tears also. Cameron was very smart keeping the teasers as teasers, nothing more... as the full movie will take your breath away.

You will practically not notice that you are watching a non-existing world, it is sooo real. Attention to detail is superb. You computer geeks will know what I am talking about. This move was not rushed in the making. No wonder it could not have been done before - not having the proper computing power.

The wild life, the jungle, the animals, the Na'vi-s, or the dragon-like flying creatures are all so life-like, they almost pop-off the screen (and in 3D they actually do :) .

The sound effects were so well done, that when I saw at the credits that Skywalker Sound was behind it, i could only think of "yessss... now THAT makes sense."

Cameron is a visionaire - and again, he delivers, with full blast.

A certain character says in the movie that Pandora (the planet where the story takes place) became his real world. My advice to you: let Pandora become YOUR real world for two and a half hours, let it make you completely forget about your life and problems, let it entertain you, move you, let it carry you away.

Because THAT is what i expect as an exchange for my ticket.

And a few hours ago i got tens of tickets worth of that.

I saw this epic last night at the Empire Leicester Sq in London, which is a superb venue in which to view this film. Huge screen, excellent sound and an extraordinary Dolby, 3 dimensional image. The whole effect is mind blowing.

This is a 'Must see' movie, innovative, and extraordinary. I think it will be regarded by most cinema goers as another milestone in the history of the art. The level of realism achieved is remarkable, and although the film is relatively long in real time, it retains it's excitement and holds the audience's attention to the end.

Performances are good, but this is not the sort of film that dwells on big star value for the actors, although Sigorney Weaver does shine and delivers a very convincing performance, as do the rest of the cast. But as there is so much entertainment and action value on screen the human element does not dominate in the usual way.

As Writer/Director, James Cameron deserves high praise for this creation and in my opinion it will break box office records. I thoroughly enjoyed this film.

AVATAR has a soul 

I saw AVATAR today. It was a boiling 40 degrees Celsius in Australia. I caught a bus and train to get there. I spent months on a forum before that. Incremental stops included a scriptment, stills, a teaser, a foot, AVATAR day and a full trailer. Now released I have had many reviews to read which have been mostly very positive. 

It is a marvel to watch. The opening scenes are very sci-fi with a glimpse of low gravity aboard a space-craft. Sam Worthington fills us in with a short narration. He is taking over his diseased brother's role in the AVATAR program. These opening scenes are actually among the most effective 3D in the film, pulling you into this story, tracking shots putting you into the steps of the characters. 

I jump ahead, like the film, to The world of Pandora which is lush with earthly life as seen through pulp fantasies. The rendering of this world is terrific. The life and activity is in the plants as much as it is the animals. Wonder is generated with this ambitious creation. Cameron has lifted the bar. The CG is the best I have ever seen. Everything you have heard is true. The 3D enhances this with leaves falling and swaying branches life-like in the foreground. 

The realisation of the Navii is also ambitious. They are CG but there are many moments that make you think they are real and in terms of the story they are more than good enough to propel the narrative with strong emotional content. 

I went into this film knowing mostly everything within it. Hours of reading, some from the treatment and pages of the recent reviews. It is very much a family film like "Nealz" said in his IMDb review. There is a moment where one of the ferocious animal species that earlier were attacking Jake are seen with a litter, the children in the audience loved the cute pups! The spiritual side of this film is much better than expected. It is in fact a beautiful story. The structure is classical film-making but with amazingly new scope in CGI to express grand images. An epic 

The journey that Jake takes through Pandora is lovely. He is taken in by the Navii and explores their culture, language and habitat. Natirii, the female Navii he meets while lost, helps him through this journey. This is a love story of both soul mates and with a wider picture. Existential connections with the natural world. Personal destiny. 

I had tears in this film. I tried to hold them back but by the roll of credits they came. This is a movie that I have anticipated for so long. I think the ingredients of its story and my connection to this films production gave me a very emotional response. I cant imagine this disappointing any of the fans on the board. Keeping in mind that it is a family film but delivered everything I wanted. 

Expect a special edition. After AVATAR is a hit, a special edition will make its way to the cinema. I can understand why they would cut the earth scenes and it works. The actual film seems pretty brisk and it could also have more padding out. You want more of it and that is a triumph for this type of film running two and a half hours. It is a good balance because at two and a half hours AVATAR is aimed directly at the cinema going audience. Broadly appealing with elements for everyone. My earlier prediction of a billion or more world-wide seems safe. 

I don't want to go on about visuals too much but the lovely shots of the natural wonderland of glowing life in still 3D shots is magical. Something to take kids to see. Floating tiny neon li

fe jellyfish their way through the air with grace. The monkey-like extra-limbed creatures with the peeping eyes flock through the forrest quickly. The creature design is done in a clever way with the motion of a living thing. The action is over the top, epic, frenetic and a new take on the battle sequence. 

James Cameron didn't stuff this up. He probably pressed the studio way beyond their comfort zone with the time, money and effort that has gone into this. Sam Worthington is excellent casting choice. Sigourney Weaver ads frank reason. Stephen Lang chews the scenery as the ultimate you know what. Zoe Saldana is beautiful as Jakes guide into this world and. 

I went to the cinema and it was a very hot day. By the time I left the cinema, the streets were wet with rain. A warm humidity was thick in the air. Lightning splashed my walk to the train station with white light. I honestly wondered if It was my time to be struck down with a bolt of electricity from the sky. 

Watch this film. It is destined to become a childhood classic to many little-ones too young to be on this forum. It will be talked about at high school by male and females as spectacular. It will be watched multiple times by fans. I loved it but beyond my appreciation for the film itself, is the the message of love permeating from this movie that I hope enters the zeitgeist like elements of Cameron's other stories have. At its heart is a soul. AVATAR is an achievement in many technical departments but I wouldn't say the story is deficient. It is a beautiful experience and the story is surprisingly what I loved most. 

Believe the hype.

It was Terminator in the 1980's and then Titanic in the '90s and it's definitely Avatar in the 2000s!! 

James Cameron is my most favourite director and he has once again broken all boundaries and created a visual extravaganza.

Avatar is Cameron's latest magnum opus is probably one of the most anticipated movies since Titanic and now it seems that the visionary director has indeed created a film that'll revolutionise the world of cinema.

The movie is set in the year 2154 and is about a man called Jake who can't walk and he is selected in the Avatar program where he has to go to Pandora jungle which is not a planet but it is one of the three giant gasses that is about 4 light years away from earth. On Pandora there are life forms such as the navis that are about 10 feet tall have sparkly blue skin, big eyes and tails. The humans have genetically bred human-navi hybrids known as Avatars. Jake is able to walk but falls in love with a female navi and now he has to choose the side between humans or the navis.

The film was absolutely fascinating, interesting, entertaining and emotional. I loved the look on the Pandora jungle and it must be the best scenery in film history and the navis are definitely the best digital characters since Gollum from The Lord of the Rings. The special effects are so amazing that Pandora looks like a real location and you can mistake the navis as real characters. Avatar was almost 3 hours but it didn't seem that long. 

Avatar already makes it on my top 5 favourite movies and I intend to see it again and I am already waiting for it to release on Blu Ray because I'm sure that it will be one of the best Blu Ray titles.

The King of the World has returned! Mr. James Cameron's youngest "Avatar" is a mind-blowing adventure and the most impressive and intricate work of art, I've ever seen.

When his twin brother is killed, disabled ex-Marine Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) is recruited to aid a mining expedition on the distant jungle moon of Pandora as only his DNA will bond with the alien hybrid body, known as an Avatar, that allows humans to breathe the toxic air. With orders to infiltrate the Na'vi, Jake finds himself falling in love with native girl, Neytiri (Zoe Saldana).

"Avatar'" was created twelve years ago by Cameron, but was ahead of its time. Cameron had to shelve the project and wait for technology to catch up to the script he had written. In 2005 Cameron thought he was close enough to push the technology to tell the story he always wanted to tell and went back to work. It cost Jim blood, sweat and tears and of course a lot of money, but the result is just fascinating, mesmerizing. Money well spent.

I am really happy that the movie turned out great. Not just for Jim's sake or because it had been a while since I'd seen a really good movie, but because of all the "Avatar" haters out there. All of those people who were trashing the movie before even watching it. They didn't give the movie a chance and let everyone believe that the movie was going to be really bad.

Well, they were all wrong and I hope they are honest enough to admit that. OK, maybe the love story wasn't really original, but it worked. However, if the story doesn't work for you, everything else will make up for it. When you watch the movie in 3D it becomes a transcendent and amazing experience that's the closest you will ever come to setting foot on a strange new world. The length of the movie is 2 hours and 41 minutes, but it looked a lot shorter. I wanted more. I just didn't want it to stop. It was that good.

I advise them and everyone to give the movie a chance and watch it the way it was mend to be watched, in 3D. You won't regret it!

Oh yeah, I almost forgot. When you're watching the movie, it's completely normal to be attracted to Neytiri … Right? Heck even Jim says he's attracted to the Na'vi creatures!

One of the best movies ever. There was the famous Mr. Gorbachev, who wrote in his book "Perestroika" the remarkable sentence: "Capitalism is incapable of solving mankind's global problems". We just witnessed Copenhagen, where the two most aggressive nations on this planet finally paved the way to global doom.

Avatar shows us the extinction of the Native Americans by the first Europeans coming to America, it shows us the way the Aborigines ended after the English came to Australia, it shows us numerous "smaller" events, where the evil combination of a mighty military machine and insidious commercial interests. This combination (some call it fascism) will do everything to get its profit.

I find it fascinating, that especially a nation like the USA, who can't kick militarism, is making such movies, watching such movies, enjoys such movies and ... continues exactly like they did before. Don't marines visit movies theaters? Don't managers visit such movies? We destroy everything. This process continues, it actually happens each and every day. Each day, "Avatar" happens on Earth. A little Pandora in every hour of our life. But since we don't watch it in 3-D in a movie theater, it doesn't bother us too much and our "Na'vi's" ain't always that perfect and pretty.

So now we watch it in beautiful, magical pictures in a movie theater and the good ones win for once. At least until another profit-hungry corporation comes back and throws some ERW /neutron bombs on the Na'vi, because after that, they can continue making 20 Million bugs a kilo of something mineral - so we can buy more non-alcoholic beer and more blue jeans and more bankers can claim more bonuses.

The movie is wonderful, but the victory of the Na'vi can only be considered a "Little Bighorn". Nothing more.

For the few among us who know about Enlightenment, the movie pictures the Na'vi as beings living in a state of knowing who they are. This alone makes it worth watching the movie.

You wanna know something funny? Not even a year ago, early 2009, I was watching "The Directors" on the Reelz Channel and James Cameron was on. I was talking to my friend and saying how he is one of my favorite directors, he has an amazing track record of great movies, but wait, has he done anything since Titanic? I went on the net to check to see what he has done since Titanic and it says nothing but documentaries and he was working on a film called Avatar. I read a little about the movie and then a few months later came the trailer and I was just in awe. I was extremely curious to see this movie and couldn't wait as when we hear the name James Cameron, you can't help but expect nothing but greatness. The man is a perfectionist and it shows, he always goes above and beyond what he needs to do for a film and we got that with Avatar. My only complaint being like Titanic, the story not being the most original on the market, but I can't at all hate this movie. Originally wanting give this movie a 9 rating, I find myself thinking that I can't. This is one of the most visually beautiful movies I have ever seen in my life. My boyfriend and I saw this in 3D and I just couldn't take my eyes off the screen. James Cameron is back and I hope he never leaves Hollywood again as this was the breath of fresh air that we needed with Avatar.

In 2154, the RDA corporation is mining Pandora, a lush, Earth-like moon of the planet Polyphemus, in the Alpha Centauri star system. Humans cannot survive exposure to Pandora's atmosphere for very long and use gas masks. In an attempt to improve relations with the natives, scientists create human-Na'vi hybrids called avatars, controlled by genetically-matched human operators. Jake Sully, a former marine, becomes a last-minute replacement for his murdered identical twin brother, a scientist trained to be an avatar operator. Dr. Grace Augustine, the head of the Avatar Program, considers Sully an inadequate replacement for his brother, and relegates him to a bodyguard role. Jake escorts Augustine and biologist Norm Spellman on an exploratory mission in their avatar forms to make contact with the Na'vi in order to help establish diplomatic relations, solve the problem of resources and end the threat of violence. The group is attacked by a predator, and Jake becomes separated and lost. Forced to survive the night in Pandora's dangerous jungles, he is rescued by Neytiri, a female Na'vi. Neytiri brings Jake to Hometree, which is inhabited by Neytiri's clan, the Omaticaya. Mo'at, the Na'vi shaman and Neytiri's mother, shows interest in the warrior "Dream-walker", and instructs her daughter to teach Jake their ways.

I had another fellow IMDb user e-mail me a week ago asking me about my thoughts on the movie and he informed me that Cameron has been working on the story for years(many thanks to oldman007 for the info) and just now had the opportunity to work on it. I think that Cameron did a great thing by taking a break from movies as not only could he retire a good 25 times from the money he made on Titanic but we had an opportunity to appreciate him even more for Avatar. 2009 was kind of a lousy year for films and this was the movie that we needed to have that sigh of relief. From the actors, the special effects, the visuals, and the way the story is told was orchestrated like a perfect night at the theater with an standing ovation from the audience as everyone wanted more despite the 150 minute running time.

I'm sure Avatar is sure to be in for the run during Oscar time, wither it gets a best picture nod or not, I'm not sure, but from what I've seen this does deserve every award it can get. I feel very bad if I'm over hyping the film too much for you, I don't want people to get the wrong idea that this is the Casablanca of the new millennium, but it really was just a relief that we still have potential in Hollywood to put out a great movie. Sigourney Weaver and Zoe Saldana stole the show and I think the reason being is because Cameron can make females very strong, beautiful, but doesn't over do it with his actresses and always knows what he wants from them and they deliver. Sam Worthington as the leading man, Jake, I was a bit worried as I saw Terminator: Salvation which was like spitting in James Cameron's face, he was the star in that film too and I thought he was going to just suck the life out of this film. Thankfully I was wrong and he pulled in a strong enough performance to carry the film with some incredible actors beside him. Avatar is very much worth the look on the big screen, it's a masterpiece.

I've never done this before... Even if I am absolutely aware of my poor level of English, I simply had to register. Just to be able express my feelings and to leave my vote here.

This movie is something I didn't expect. After all those "blockbusters" I have seen in the last time, no one could convince me about the fact, that this flick will be something different. Entering the cinema, I was really skeptic and awaited just another boring shooter with some expensive computer animations.

Well.. But then it happened. After just few minutes, I was completely sucked into the world of Pandora, I was there, breathed the air, enjoyed the extraordinary nature. I fell in love with the Na'vi and with their lifestyle, their world.

For those 166 minutes, I completely forgot everything else, my work, troubles, everything. This was the best experience, the best feeling I had from a movie ever! Actually the movie was too short for me, even after those almost 3 hours I still wanted more of it, can't describe my feelings.

Leaving the cinema, I had tears in my eyes... couldn't stop them. I was just sad that I have to return back to Earth... Pandora was well... go and see it people and maybe you will feel the same I felt!

This movie actually blew my mind! I have to admit that it's quite easy to impress me, but when i left the cinema I was just amazed by the feelings this film left. First of all to say is that the visual effects and the whole setting of this movie is absolutely unique yet and will be for a few years still, I think. The Sorrounding on "Pandora" doesn't let you breathe for several minutes in which you just cannot close your mouth. But this is NOT what makes this movie unique and so awesome! The story is really a great part of it, and gives the film its spirit. OK, it IS predictable, but many tiny parts that are unexpected just give it the suspense it needs. This is no "switch off your brain"-movie!!!

In my opinion this film is worth 9-10 stars, I'm giving 10 for the goose-flesh it still gives me every time I see the trailer or hear the soundtrack. This evening I'm gonna watch it again :-)

There's a lot of gushing going on for this film, and rightly so. After a Summer of lackluster crap, along comes this magnificent film. For once the hype was actually deserved. I won't talk about the plot, this film is best seen with as little information as possible. I will say that I wasn't prepared for the experience, even as a jaded film-goer I was transported and yes, moved. I didn't expect the emotional impact, but Cameron is a master at pushing all the right buttons, and he does so here masterfully.

Some of the criticism lies in the "surface" quality of the plot, but again, Cameron has never made deep, cerebral films. Cameron is an entertainer, and thank God for it. This film is pure, futuristic, ahead of it's time escapism. I was absolutely floored.

Raised by a family of wolves since birth, Mowgli (Neel Sethi) must leave the only home he's ever known when the fearsome tiger Shere Khan (Idris Elba) unleashes his mighty roar. Guided by a no-nonsense panther (Ben Kingsley) and a free-spirited bear (Bill Murray), the young boy meets an array of jungle animals, including a slithery python and a smooth-talking ape. Along the way, Mowgli learns valuable life lessons as his epic journey of self-discovery leads to fun and adventure.

Disney Picture is the best company in making top and number 1 family movies.

Everything is excellent about this movie.

I guarantee you this top movie will win too many Oscars.

Mowgli (Neel Sethi) is a man-cub raised by the Indian wolf Raksha (Lupita Nyong'o) and her pack led by Akela (Giancarlo Esposito) ever since he was brought to them as a baby by the black panther Bagheera (Ben Kingsley). Bagheera trains Mowgli to learn the ways of the wolves but Mowgli faces certain challenges and lags behind his wolf siblings, and Bagheera berates him for using human tricks like tool building, instead of learning the ways of the pack. One day, during the dry season, all the animals in the jungle gather at the Peace Rock to drink the water that remains as part of the Water Truce, a timeout called during a drought that enables all animals to gather at a water hole without fear of being eaten by larger, more predatory animals. The peaceful gathering is disrupted when the fearsome Bengal tiger Shere Khan (Idris Elba) makes his presence felt. He detects Mowgli's scent amongst the crowd and threatens his life since man is not welcome in the jungle. He holds the scars on his face as proof of man's cruel and destructive nature and issues a warning that when the Water Truce ends and the Peace Rock disappears, he will come for the boy. Thus, a debate and argument arises amongst the members of the wolf pack as to whether or not they should keep Mowgli. But before a general consensus is reached, Mowgli voluntarily decides to leave the jungle for the sake and safety of his pack. Bagheera volunteers to guide him to the human civilization. However, en-route, Shere Khan ambushes them, injuring Bagheera while Mowgli manages to escape with the help of a herd of water buffaloes. Mowgli, now alone, stumbles upon a thick canopy where he meets Kaa (Scarlett Johansson), an enormous Indian python who lures him in with promises of safety and an assurance that she knows who and what Mowgli truly is. Kaa's hypnosis shows Mowgli a vision of his father being killed by Shere Khan and of himself as an abandoned infant being found by Bagheera and also warns of the destructive power of man's "red flower". Having successfully wrapped Mowgli in her coils, Kaa attempts to devour Mowgli, but he is rescued by a sloth bear named Baloo (Bill Murray). In exchange for saving Mowgli's life, Baloo tells Mowgli to fetch him honey which is atop a cliff, to which Mowgli unwillingly agrees. Together, they form a close bond and Mowgli decides to stay with Baloo until the winter season arrives. Back in the jungle, Shere Khan visits the wolf pack looking for the "man- cub." When Akela states that Mowgli has left the pack, Shere Khan kills Akela by throwing him off the cliff. He demands that the boy be handed over to him. Confident that Mowgli will return again, Shere Khan takes over the pack. When Bagheera returns to fetch Mowgli, he discovers that Mowgli has decided to live with Baloo. Although tension is raised between the three, they all agree to sleep on it until the following morning. At night, Mowgli hears a cry for help and discovers that a baby Indian elephant is trapped in a deep pit. Using his tricks, he fashions a rope to rescue the baby elephant. This forms a bond between Mowgli and the Indian elephants. Following Bagheera's instructions, Baloo unwillingly confronts Mowgli and lies to him that he never considered him a friend, hoping that Mowgli can change his mind about staying with him. But Mowgli is suddenly abducted by a group of monkeys who take him to an ancient ruined temple and present him to King Louie (Christopher Walken), a Bornean orangutan-resembling Gigantopithecus who tries to coerce Mowgli into giving up the secret to the elusive and deadly "red flower". Baloo and Bagheera arrive just in time to distract the monkeys and manage to hold them off while Mowgli flees into hiding. King Louie chases Mowgli through the temple, causing it to crumble on top of him. Before Mowgli leaves, King Louie informs him of Akela's demise. Furious of the fact that Baloo and Bagheera kept him in the dark about Akela's death, Mowgli decides to return to the jungle and confront Shere Khan to avenge the death of his leader and end his tyranny. But first, Mowgli ventures into the village where the humans live and for the first time, he sees his own kind from afar and gazes at them in amazement. He steals one of the burning torches and heads back to the jungle but accidentally starts a fire. Baloo and Bagheera follow him in close pursuit. When the news breaks out that a man with the "red flower" is making his way into the jungle, all the animals gather at the Peace Rock. Mowgli confronts Shere Khan, but sees how all the animals of the jungle cower in fear at the sight of the fire he holds. He throws away his torch into the water, allowing Shere Khan to attack him. Bagheera, Baloo and the wolf pack manage to hold him off, thus buying Mowgli enough time to set a trap in the burning jungle. He lures Shere Khan into a dying tree with a fig branch and is able to coax him into stepping on it, causing it to break. Shere Khan falls to his death into the pit of fire below. The Indian elephants later help to extinguish the fire by diverting the river. Raksha then becomes the new Alpha and leads the wolf pack. Mowgli decides to do things his own way, having at last found a true home in the jungle with the animals, including his friends Baloo and Bagheera.

A great remake that will definitely enchant kids and adults. The CGI characters are excellent and there is an entertaining atmosphere of humor, adventure and suspense. 

Mogwli is a Lost boy in the Jungle,but has been grown up the animals - Bagera(Panther), Rakhsha(Wolf mother), Baloo (Bear). Soon Mogwli realizes that since he is human he needs to live with humans.Yet,he can not abandon his loyal Animals who have already taken care of him since he was a baby.

"The Jungle Book" 2016 has a different,but an amazing ending than "The Jungle Book" 1967.I can guarantee that you will see a perfect movie with Great Graphics IMAX Effect and The Best 3D I Have Ever Seen.

I really estimate Disney for their support of Lesbian and Gays.Disney is Simply The Best.

The Jungle Book is a live-action/CGI fantasy film that retells the story of Mowgli, an orphaned human boy who, guided by his animal guardians, sets out on a journey of self-discovery while evading the threatening Shere Khan. Neel Sethi plays the main character, Mowgli in the movie. He is the only human being on screen and as his first ever role, this kid actor is truly magnificent. He is as good as any kid actor has ever been, even favorably compared to Haley Joel Osment in The Sixth Sense. The computer generated imagery is brilliant all throughout, definitely some of the best ever and the 3D is just mind blowing. In every single scene I kept getting surprised and thrilled at just how amazing the CGI and 3D were. I think the main reason as to why this movie worked it's because it also has a very good story line that's mixed in with the amazing visuals. Also, the voice actors are all perfectly cast. Especially Idris Elba as Shere Khan, who is truly haunting in every scene he's in. That was one well made and scary villain that Mowgli had to face. Jon Favreau did a fantastic work with this movie, cause really this story has been told many times before, and yet this movie feels fresh and interesting nonetheless. I'm glad that it's doing so well in Box Office because it completely deserves it. Movies like this must be appreciated so that they can inspire more great work, and maybe one day, even erase movies like Transformers.

If there is one thing that Hollywood is good at is ruining our favorite childhood films, but not with this film. So The jungle book focuses on a boy named Mowgli that is raised by a pack of wolves in the jungle. But when a tiger named Shere khan learns of his presence, he must flee the jungle in search for the man village. Helping him get there is a panther named Bagheera and a bear named Baloo that must protect him until they reach they reach their final destination. First the pros. The special effects are amazing! I've never seen cgi animals look so realistic on screen before. Neel Sethi does a good job at playing Mowgli. Considering that this kid had to work with nothing, then he is does an excellent job. The characters are very likable. Whether they are good guys or villains. The story seems kinda simple, but when it is directed in a way that makes it entertaining, then your going to find yourself liking this film. To be completely honest i didn't see any cons to this movie. Overall i really enjoyed the jungle book. It was fun, visually dazzling, action packed, and funny at times. One things for sure when it is on DVD, I am going to buy it.

If you're a child of the 90s then you will definitely adore this film. I strongly urge you to go see it in IMAX 3D to receive the ultimate experience of being transported deep into the Indian jungle. Aesthetically pleasing and phenomenal CGI work, you'll enjoy the classic book and Disney movie come to life. 

The plot merges the jungle book stories with the Disney classic and delivers a fantastic adaption. I don't know where they found Neel Sethi but his portrayal of Mowgli was outstanding. They cast the characters beautifully and I really couldn't get over how real the animals looked, all the details that went in to every paw and claw and piece of fur being blown by the wind. The music is great and I enjoyed that they included some original songs. 

A heart-warming portrayal of the relationship between man and beast, this movie is a gem destined to be treasured by all for years to come!

I was able to keep my eyes on the screen from start to end.

What i don't like is why this movie end. because i was fill my self in that world.

Graphics and Visual Effects Was Just Awesome Nothing else.

I can tell that this is Disney best Creativity Animated Film.

Just Awesome Graphics IMAX Effect and 3D i ever Seen.

Like to see this movie more and more.

I think this Will Oscar Winning Movie for 100% Sure Its Enjoyable for Adults and kids.

Recommanded to see Once in Theatre at costly seat.

17 April 2016 Film of Choice Tonight at The Plaza Dorchester - The Jungle Book. Apart from films set in space this has to be one of the most amazing uses of CGI I have seen to date. What a visual assault we were treated to. The jungle in all its glory, never sleeping, never quiet, and always with a surprise around the corner. This latest Disney offering, a live action (mostly CGI) remake of its 1967 story of Rudyard Kipling's jungle book was epic. It took the tale of Mowgli, the man cub and presented it to us in a whole new format. The animals were all very realistic, yet very true to the animated versions we know and love. There were many moments I recognised yet many new ones slotted in effortlessly to the story. A line up of huge talent provided the voices, from Scarlett Johansson as Kaa the snake, Ben Kingsley as Bagheera the panther, Idris Elba as Shere Khan the tiger and Baloo the bear was voiced wonderfully by Bill Murray. Although there were a few tense moments which made me jump this is a great film for all the family to enjoy.

Usually, live action remakes of animated movies or TV shows are total letdowns. Not this one. It was so good I didn't want it to end! The boy who played Mowgli had a truckload of talent for one so young. And the actors who voiced the animals performed well, too.

I was able to keep my eyes on the screen from beginning to end. The visuals were stunning.

Best of all, I saw it at an IMAX theater. Can't beat that.

Adults and kids will love it.

I was almost tempted to head across town, and see it again later today at another theater.

I seriously doubt there'll be a better movie this year.

In fact, if it were humanly possibly, I'd give it two toes up, as well as two thumbs.

Great film all the way.

So I recommend it highly.

I'm a sucker for animal stories and The Jungle Book is one of the best. What kid doesn't want run with the wolves and sleep in a tree? 

I won't go into detail about the story as it's already so ingrained in our collective consciousness but I have to pay respects to the production design, art and music - and every element that makes a great picture.

First, the music is so right (SPOILER ALERT!!) When Baloo and Bagheera stand at the edge of the jungle and watch Mowgli save a baby elephant to the tune of The Bare Necessities, the familiar song floats on a sweet and somber note. They know he's becoming a man - and the tender version of the tune compliments what we're seeing on screen; We see the bittersweet realization (and the pride) in the faces of the animals. This is sublime perfection; a perfect marriage of music and the artists' emotional brushstrokes.

That scene alone is worthy of a five-hanky movie status - but the creators of this version of The Jungle Book treat every scene with great affection and respect. Each shot is beautifully framed. Any given frame is a glorious masterpiece in color and composition. In the book world we would give a Caldecott Award to such artistic achievement. I only hope the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences will recognize this beautiful piece of work when it's time to nominate the Oscar films.

Finally, the direction skillfully weaves the beauty and wonder of the jungle world and the humor of growing up - while also sending us on a heart-pounding tale of revenge.

Director/Producer Jon Favreau and his team got it right. 

Bravo.

Greetings from Lithuania.

"The Jungle Book" (2016) is definitely the most visually stunning movie i've seen in a while, very long while. The story is simple yet good, script is very good, but the true star of this movie was in its craftsmanship. What a feast for the eyes! Can't believe it was shoot at the studio, not in the jungle. Back in 2012 we were stunned by the tiger in "Life of Pi" - the jaw dropping creation of special effects team. In "The Jungle Book" you will see the same level special effects in almost every scene - these animal are as stunningly real as it gets. This is by far the best looking film of 2016. If this one won't win Oscar for best special effects, where won't be justice. 

Jon Favreau's direction is superb - at running time 1 h 40 min. this movie never drags and is a joy for all its running time. Voice performances were absolutely top notch by single everyone of them, especially by Bill Murray who kills it as Baloo. 

Overall, "The Jungle Book" is by far one of the best entertainments of 2016 so far. So many disappointing big summer movies, but leave it to Jon Favreau and special effects wizards to create something marvelous, what "The Jungle Book" truly is.

My initial reaction was this trailer looks incredible, and after seeing the film, I couldn't have been more impressed by what I saw, an adventure story with plenty of action, heart, and fun. The actors gave incredible vocal performances, and here was a world fashioned from scratch, using CGI to render creatures that look absolutely real, and when coupled with the fantastic acting by some of the best actors in the world, we are in for a treat.

It's a children's story, so well written, developed, and acted, full of visual wonders and terrific action pieces. There's great chemistry between the different characters, and all of actors involved cement their reputation as some of the best in the business, treating each character with respect and giving them their best. The only "real" performer is a surprise because he worked with green screens and other technology to create this piece, so along with Favreau and his team, they have created a gem.

Also, the 3D in this film is breathtaking and doesn't feel like a gimmick.You will most likely be dodging an animal that appears to be coming at you, but it's unexpected, and it feels natural. Some of the settings are enhanced by the technology. Overall, I couldn't be having a better time.

One final note is the outstanding work by Johansson as the malevolent serpent, another incredible performance by this talented actress. Stick around to hear her beautiful singing, another one of the unexpected surprises in this film.
I normally am not a fan of CGI, mainly because it can be overdone and rushed; however, this was done perfectly. The character that plays Mowglie did an outstanding job considering he is the only physical person on the set having to act around imaginative characters and scenery. Acting, directing, cinematography and writing were all superb. If I were to have one criticism, it was the one song that was played in the movie. I won't say what it was but it just kind of out of place and felt a little off putting when I watched the movie. But that's a very small negative point that is overshadowed by an overall well done film. I will piggy back off my first sentence of this review, the CGI looks real.

One of the clearest memories I have, of a Disney film that was NOT a re-release, was the original version of "The Jungle Book" from 1967. It was the last one Walt Disney, himself, had some pre-production input on prior to his death in 1965.

Well, this part live-action/part-CGI remake is not only faithful to the fun-filled spirit of its predecessor. It's even a little more faithful to the Rudyard Kipling books! By that, I mean that they actually mentioned Mowgli's lupine foster mother by her literary name; Raksha (as opposed to just calling her "Mother Wolf"). The WD studios also included the stampeding water buffaloes and the death of Akela.

Yet, at the same time, they retained two of the most popular songs from the original film. By that, I mean that Bill Murray is no Phil Harris. But, he did a surprisingly good job--with young newcomer Neel Sethi--on "Bear Necessities." And, while I knew that Christopher Walken was a pretty good tap dancer (as he so ably demonstrated in a certain music video, about ten years ago), his vocal rendition of "I Wanna Be Like You" had me laughing with astounded delight! 

I was also delighted by the realistic look to all the CGI animals. Particularly, the rhesus monkeys, langurs, gibbons, and lion-tailed macaques that composed the Bandar-log tribe of King Louie. The latter ingeniously depicted as a Gigantopithecus, by the way, since every modern school kid over the age of five now knows, via googling, that wild orang-utans aren't found anywhere on the Asian mainland. 

In short, this is a fun film for the whole family. A cliché that might have been over-used, once upon a time. But, in this case, it's not hype. It's fact! Sure, it's rated PG for the depiction of fights between wild animals. But, once again, every modern school kid with google-worthy fingers has probably seen scarier fights between real wild animals on Youtube! So, don't be reluctant to take your own youngsters to see this.

Trust in me! ;-)

I read almost everything (Joseph) Rudyard Kipling wrote. Part when I was a kid, part when I was fully grown. And since I heartily despise politics whereas I really love talent, I always hugely admired him.

'The Jungle Book' is one of the greatest books he wrote: truly original, inspiring and uplifting, it's the perfect tale for any young man.

But he didn't have music. He didn't have sound, colors, (motion) pictures or speaking voices. All kind of stuff that our brain can come up with while we read, but only in a rudimental way. Things thanks to which Jon Favreau and Justin Marks (and their indisputable talent) were able to make this movie: best 'Jungle Book's' version ever. Better than the book.

My mother had taken me to see the Jungle Book, when I was a small child. We saw it in a drive in theater and especially the snake "Kaa" hypnotized me in the dark night. And of course, Balou the bear. Later we got lost in one of these medieval round villages on the way home. Watching a Disney premiere at the "El Capitan Theatre" on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is so much fun, especially with the Organ Music. Neel Sethi does an amazing job, what a charming Actor he already is. Christopher Walken does his "Thing" beautifully as always, one expects Fat Boy Slim to come up any moment. Bill Murray is the perfect Balou, if you ask me. Love the live Action and Music in the Film, some of it reminds of the "English Patient". I have been a fan of Jon Favreau since "Swingers" and Jon did a magical job with this piece. Favreau delivers more than than "The Bare Necessities". If you happen to be in Cannes this year, please check out the "Lost Dutchman". If you like breathtaking vistas.

For those of you who haven't seen Walt Disney's animated version of The Jungle Book--or haven't seen it in awhile, anyway--I'm sure you still know the famous songs, and perhaps even some classic scenes. But what you may not realize is that the version we're most familiar with does have some issues of its own.

Not to say that Disney's 1967 adaptation is anything to scoff at. It will definitely slap a smile on your face. But with a runtime that could have used a few more minutes, there's always been some things missing.

Definitely an improvement on the original, 2016's The Jungle Book fills out the classic story in a much more complete way.

With this one, we get answers to a lot of characters' motives, as well as more realistic responses to drastic life changes.

There's backstory provided for why Shere Khan wants to kill Mowgli, along with a more heartfelt goodbye as Mowgli leaves his wolf pack at the beginning of the film.

Neel Sethi, who plays Mowgli, passes the cute test. Almost so cute and precocious that he fails to give us the realistic performance we desire. Instead, it's more of what you would see in a Disney Channel show. He's oozing with "my parents made me audition for this." Granted, he does alright considering he's essentially acting with no other humans. And while director Jon Favreau gets the best performance out of him, he's just a little too much Disney and not enough realistic. Which isn't far off from original voice actor in 1967, who lacks the same kind of conviction. Compared to him, Sethi is an improvement.

But the narrative is really what drives this movie the hardest. It's captivating even before the comic relief of Baloo (Bill Murray) shows up. And it has the added benefit of not being too long.

The jungle world created by the filmmakers paints a dark and sinister universe, just as mysterious as the jungle itself. There's nothing peaceful here as long as Shere Khan is around.

King Louie, voiced by Christopher Walken, is just as wicked. He hearkens back to a Marlon Brando Godfather, living in the shadows and attempting to exploit the quid pro quo. This is also where "man's red flower" becomes more of a prominent feature in this version.

The visual effects are an accomplishment alone. Every hair, every movement, without using any live animals. I've never seen anything like it. Truly amazing.

If you romanticize the 1967 original, then you may have a problem accepting this one for all its greatness. But this one is the actuality of what we've been romanticizing. And besides the acting, it's near perfect. It's darker and even more twisted, transcending Rudyard Kipling's original source material to the maximum. It replicates the tone--but better. It's everything good from the original--but better. And even brings back the beloved songs for good measure.

Take a look into the life of Mowgli - Raised by wolves - friends with a Panther - When evil takes the form of Sher Khan (A tiger) - Mowgli is forced to escape the forest and go back with "His kind". With an amazing voice over cast - and some singing surprises - Never have you seen a version of this movie more enjoyable and surprising - With plenty of action and amazing CGI - this movie will bring out the Bare Necessities in you - Take a walk down memory lane with all of the characters from the original - and then you will be rushing to IMDb to give it 10/10 stars - Even if you don't love the story of the Jungle Book - this movie can enchant the smallest heart.

Having now see three versions of the Rudyard Kipling classic, I can honestly say that Jon Favreau's 2016 adaptation reins supreme. I know that may come as a far-fetched opinion for the faithful fans of the 1967 animated classic, but open your mind to the possibility that this version is above the rest. 

The darker, more realistic tone of this live-action adventure is a sharp contrast to the lighter tone of the 1967 musical comedy. That may be off-putting to some fans, but once you're swept up in the visual splendor of the movie, the story becomes ever more engaging. Speaking of which, don't be surprised if a few elements of the 1967 version's story aren't in this one or are rearranged. 

Jon Favreu gives the story the proper grandeur it deserves. He uses lush art direction and sweeping cinematography to make the story look bigger. Visual effects aside, the aesthetic of the film gets across the monumental stature a family adventure should have. Combine the visuals with the score of John Debney and you'll find beauty and thrills that bring back a child like wonder. 

One thing I really appreciate is the way the film treats the animals as characters, not denying them close-ups or treating them as spectacles. They are instead, portrayed as natural beings within the world of the screenplay. It enhances the brilliant voice acting of the cast. Speaking of which, I hope this film can rekindle the campaign to get voice acting a category with the major awards. Idris Elba is perfectly evil. Ben Kingsley and Bill Murray provide such natural and fitting voice work. And, Scarlett Johansson and Christopher Walken steal the show. Their scenes are the highlights of the movie and are easily the most memorable. 

This movie is an overall construction of perfect cinematic elements. Disney has hit a grand slam with The Jungle Book as it will be etched in the memories of audiences for decades. I say this film is one of the best films of this decade and maybe even the last ten years. 

With that said, I give this movie 5 out of 5 stars and recommend it for ages 8 to 18. It can be seen at a local theater near you. 

After a threat from the tiger Shere Khan forces him to flee the jungle, a man-cub named Mowgli embarks on a journey of self discovery with the help of panther, Bagheera, and free spirited bear, Baloo. The Jungle Book is one of the most beautiful looking movies since 2014's Dawn of the Planet of the Apes every single one of these animals look real, the acting and the songs are pretty spectacular and it shows again that Jon Favreau is an excellent director into taking a story and expand it into something beautiful and amazing he did it with Iron Man back in 2008 and he did it again this year with The Jungle Book this movie gets an A+ and it's for sure an awesome, amazing and breath taking experience either if it's a DVD or in a Theater.

I have almost no reviews of movies, but this movie warrants. It is the best animated films I've seen, so wonderful. Also mixes a spectacular work with puppets. One of the things that I celebrate to Disney, is that not modify or adapt the stories. Practically the recounts as they are. The work of John Favreau in the overall direction is fabulous, and the art direction, sure to be nominated for an Oscar. It is a film that will teach many things to our small people, it that can be enjoyed with family and deserves our attention and recognition. Bill Murray's work deserves a separate review.Tthe cast is lovely, nothing could be better. but I think the child Neel Sethi steals the movie with his performance, it's really great. Whereas practically acts only with CGI characters or puppets. You must see it, with the family.

The Jungle Book is still achieving record highs in International movie box office. Disney is truly the best children movie company in the whole world.

Mogwli is a Little Indian boy living in the Jungle . He has been grown up by wild, but friendly animals who have been taking great care of him.

Mogwli is innocent and yet smart. He decided one day to leave the kind animals who have done him a favor and suddenly decides to say goodbye to the jungle animals in search of his own identity.

Will he succeed in his mission or fail?. The answer is clearly revealed at the end of this remarkable Disney movie.

The Jungle movie is a film that will really captivate you in every magical Disney way from the beginning till the end.
Directed by Jon Favreau (Iron Man), based on Rudyard Kipling's timeless stories and inspired by Disney's classic animated film, The Jungle Book is an all-new live-action epic adventure about Mowgli (newcomer Neel Sethi), a man-cub who's been raised by a family of wolves. But Mowgli finds he is no longer welcome in the jungle when fearsome tiger Shere Khan (voice of Idris Elba), who bears the scars of Man, promises to eliminate what he sees as a threat. Urged to abandon the only home he's ever known, Mowgli embarks on a captivating journey of self-discovery, guided by panther-turned-stern mentor Bagheera (voice of Ben Kingsley), and the free-spirited bear Baloo (voice of Bill Murray). Along the way, Mowgli encounters jungle creatures who don't exactly have his best interests at heart, including Kaa (voice of Scarlett Johansson), a python whose seductive voice and gaze hypnotizes the man-cub, and the smooth-talking King Louie (voice of Christopher Walken), who tries to coerce Mowgli into giving up the secret to the elusive and deadly red flower: fire.

This is a terrific must see movie. No wonder it has been achieving unprecedented massive success everywhere.

This is a remarkable movie. Jon Favreau is one of my favourite actor/directors in Hollywood at this time. This film really is an animated film with only one live actor in which the technology of CGI and motion capture have been used to its ultimate best. The blue ray includes some of the massive effort that went into this film and it may be some time before we see something yet again as good as this. My only criticisms of it is the 3D which was under utilized and unnecessary. The music and songs that were worked in worked very well but the melody was at times lost during the singers performances that were selected. Christopher Walken was a great King Louie,Bill Murray very recognizable as Baloo the bear and Scarlett Johansson an excellent choice for Kaa the snake. May take best animated film come Oscar time if allowed in that category.


Mowgli (Neel Sethi) having been raised by wolves must now go to the Man Village and live out his life there because the Jungle is now too dangerous for him. The Tiger Shere Khan (Idiris Elba) vows to kill Mowgli. The Panther Bagheera (Ben Kingsley) and the Bear Baloo (Bill Murray) accompany Mowgli on his journey. 

I had seen the original Jungle Book back in the day when it was all an animated cartoon and that was a great show with Phil Harris as the voice of Balloo. Now with CGI technology it has become even better. How they did this is unbelievable as they have a human, Neel Sethi, interacting seamlessly with animated cartoon animals and this is simply magical. I cannot explain it any other way. It was more than exceptional. Kudos. 

Mowgli has a few adventures on his way to the Man Village and we see him almost come under a hypnotic spell by the woman Python snake Kaa (Scarlett Johansson), being stung by bees to help Baloo get his honey, helping a small elephant get out of a hole, and being captured by monkeys who bring him to King Louie (Christopher Walken) a massive orangutan who wants to rule the jungle with him. 

To be sure there is a confrontation between Mowgli and Shere Khan near the end. (Whaaaat? Isn't this a mismatch?)

Bill Murray as Baloo was very good, but most Kudos must go to Christopher Walken as King Louie. Both sang songs that were real toe tappers, but Walken is the clear winner. When the credits roll we hear Walken again singing. Simply great. 

Other notable Voices: Mogli's wolf mother Raksha: Lupita Nyong'o; Wolf leader Akela: Giancario Esposito; Ikki, a wolf cub: Gary Shandling. 

Parents should be warned that very small children may be frightened by the animal battles as they are fierce. 

All in all a very enjoyable movie. Great job on this updated version. (10/10)

Violence: Yes: Sex: No. Nudity: No. Language: No.

Reading praise and seeing tantalising clips of it,the live action take on one of Disney's most famous works was one that I was interested in seeing,but also doubtful on if it would be able to match the charm of the original.With a friends daughter having a birthday soon,I was pleased to discover that the movie has just come out on DVD,which led to me entering the jungle.

The plot:

Since the mysterious killing of his family,"man-cub" Mowgli has been looked after by Indian wolf Raksha,and her pack led by Akela,with black panther Bagheera (who got Mowgli away from near-death,and gave him to Raksha) training Mowgli on the ways on the jungle. With humans recently moving closer to the jungle with their burning "Red Flower." Sniffing him out, Shere Khan (whose got a scar on his face from humans) gives the order that Mowgli must leave the jungle,or he will kill him. Hiding as Mowgli and Bagheera leave the jungle, the tiger, tiger, burning bright,In the forests of the night,waits to make his move.

View on the film:

Opening with an ultra-stylised tracking shot going from the Disney castle to the midst of the jungle,director Jon Favreau & cinematographer Bill "The Matrix" Pope give their jungle adventure a gloriously lush shine. Shot entirely on green screen,Pope's use of green (a major theme in his work) gives the title a crumbly,earthy vibe,where each tree and vine shows a clear attention to detail. Making Mowgli the only living person/thing in the whole movie, Favreau avoids the "uncanny valley" by treading a fine line of the facial movements being a nature fit for the animals,whilst making sure that the animated personalities light up the eyes.

Toning down the buddy Comedy delights of the original (no Beatles tribute!) the screenplay by Justin Marks takes a closer inspiration from Rudyard Kipling's books by going for a more soulful atmosphere,with Marks brilliantly layering Mowgli's connection to nature and the rituals he is trying to embrace. Along with the soulfulness,Marks unleashes a cracking adventure packed with a rather mature take on revenge and self-discovery,which are joined by hilarious one liners tying the buddy team of Mowgli/Baloo and Bagheera.

Inhabiting a character who took 5 hours to render in every frame, Bill Murray gives a wonderful performance as Baloo,as Murray strikes his snappy dialogue with a Phil Harris Jazzy punch. Rolling in with more cowbell, Christopher Walken eats up the screen as King Louie,whilst Idris Elba simmers as Shere Khan.

Singing Trust In Me over the credits, Scarlett Johansson gives the title an unexpected seduced quality as Kaa. Joined by Garry Shandling's final performance, Ben Kingsley takes inspiration from British Army officers to give Bagheera a by the book, military roar. Being the only human in the whole film, Neel Sethi gives an incredible performance as Mowgli,thanks to Sethi capturing the deep bond of friendship with Baloo,and a gripping intensity over stopping Shere Khan from closing the jungle's book.

The Jungle Book was excellent! I worked with a musician/producer named Paul Sabu who is the son of the original actor and character, Sabu, who played the boy in the original version of the Jungle Book story. The original version was made in 1942. The new version and story is beautiful and fun. The effects are spectacular. The plot is fabulous. The animal characters are absolutely charming. This is a great film for both children and adults and for anyone in between. Teens would probably enjoy the film immensely. Leave your problems behind, buy some popcorn, a soda, bring your favorite person or people and expect something great! I guarantee you. Not a good film to make out in, because the film is too good to miss!

I finally watched the movie!!! Yay!!! This movie has turned into a blockbuster, do you have any doubt that it wouldn't?

India has gone crazy already, this movie has already become extremely popular because of the fan following of the Hindi TV series and secondly because the movie is based out of India, it's about India's son.

Those that have seen the TV show or watched the movie, I must say this movie is one that has done justice to all of them. The CG has not got in the way of the story at all. Let me tell you at one point you get so much engrossed in the story, you will forget that the animals are CG. Yeah, get it, the story is so darn interesting and well directed.

And the Bare Necessities simply stole my heart. Damn!!! It's so cute.

About the Acting: Neel Sethi has done an amazing job as Mowgli. This kid did all the acting with puppets and he is extremely expressive. Simply brilliant! And let's not forget the Chef who directed Iron Man and went on to direct this great blockbuster. Jon Favreau has given his best as a director to the movie and it shows. All the actors were awesome in their roles. 

About the CG: Mowgli is real, rest is not. That's the beauty. You will find yourself in awe of many scenes in the movie and still pay attention to the story. That's the beauty.

Verdict: Love It, will watch it again. If you haven't seen it, do yourself a favor too, go watch it!!!
Hats off to director Jon Favreau, screenplay writer Justin Marks and the CGI visual effects team for giving us probably the best version of Jungle book we could ever get to see on the big screen.....Its flawless, stunning, epic and a brilliant adaption of Rudyard Kiplings's fascinating story. The film is a visual feast, every frame looks stunningly beautiful, be it the waterfalls, mountains, trees and above all the different kinds of animals. Its really hard to believe that its all CGI...Its indeed a remarkable achievement by the team...All this results in pure magic on the big screen. The characters of Jungle book bring back the nostalgia which we grew up watching on doordarshan- be it Bagheera, SherKhan, Baloo, even the song simple bare necessities is included (which i used to love so much) smile emoticon Mowgli played by Neel Sethi is very endearing and is cast perfectly. Dubbing done for all animals is perfect and it adds life to the film. Background score is also very good. Action sequences are thrilling-the scene where Mowgli is captured by the monkeys- that whole sequence is just brilliant. This movie is one epic adventure which ur kids the kid inside you will enjoy to the fullest. I feel its humanly impossible to make a better version from what Jon Favreau and team has offered us.. Very rarely we get to see movies which have a soul, great story and executed brilliantly which makes up for a great cinematic exp. Jungle book achieves this feat! - 10/10 Not to be missed at any cost....

Disney thank you for taking me back in my childhood..the sound howling sound of the wolf has never ever been so soulful..

it's a superb movie with outstanding effects..the movie will not disappoint you in any ways possible..voice over are as perfect as you can imagine.. 

Bill Murray as Baloo will simply steal your heart..even the small small characters like Gray (Mowgli's wolf brother), Kaa (the snake), King Louie leaves an impact on you..

music of the movie is worth mentioning here..i must say it's a highly emotionally satisfying movie for someone like me who has grown up watching it..its fun for all adults and kids..go for it.

I was waiting for this Movie from past 3 - 4 months. Finally my wait was over and it was Awesome movie. MUST watch in 3D !! I was surprised as Movie release date was 16 April in trailer but was released in India , 1 week ago i.e. 8th April 2016.

It is having a Grand Opening and a big success and almost all theater shows are full in India. Not only kids but 19's Kids are founding it very very interested to see. (i am one of them) Both Hindi and English Versions are running full, hope it was big success.I Watched it in Hindi.

About the movie, (No Spoilers)- The Story is kept as Classic one , i.e. Mogwli a Lost boy in Jungle, Grown up by Friendly and Lovely animals - Bagera(Panther), Rakhsha(Wolf mother), Baloo (Bear). My Fav one is Baloo (He is Just AWESOME) But not all the Animal are friendly in that forest Like Share Khan (Tiger), Kaa the Snakeand Others. But Mogwli need to find his way , to live with Humans or with his Friendly Animals ? THe Mixture of real boy and Animated Forest and animals just blended Perfectly well and Full 10 out of 10 for it Music is Just Perfect as all Disney movies delivers ! Thanks Disney for Bringing Back Mowgli after 23 Years and refreshed our old Childhood memories back .

I wasn't sure whether to give this movie a try; I'm one of the few that never really enjoyed the original Jungle Book movie. Within the first few minutes I was totally mesmerized by the stunning visual effects and back drop of the story. I wasn't sure of the choice of casting for the boy but as the movie progressed so did the young actor and his of portrayal of Mowgli. This movie is full of great surprises,with various cameo voice overs, one in particular that had a gangster style approach, which was very amusing. This adaptation takes us on a journey that reaches our hearts and souls. It is sometimes a little scary in places; so not really for the very young but it remains exceptionally beautiful throughout. I did not want the movie to end. Go and see it, you will not be disappointed.

This is amazing movie, refresh my memory of my childhood. When we used to eagerly wait for Sunday for our favorite show the jungle book. The little kid with a small undergarment living with wolfs..hummm that was Mogli. Now after seeing this movie i can co-relate my old memories. 3D scenes are superb specially the first attack of sherkhan was too close.I love the movie script. For me this is must watch movie. Bear with a comedy character was very enthralling. I like the music of the movie although there was only one song but that was also good. All in all i would say go and watch this movie. Bageera was always the care taker for kid and he also did that in this movie. When we saw these serial back in our childhood we really appreciate the kind of character and sound play. I love this movie.


This is a great live action version of the 50 year old animated classic. Bill Murray is fantastic as Baloo and Christopher Walken is pretty good as King Louie and King Louie is huge in this movie. Of course I did hear that he's really gigantic in the book as he is in this movie then he is in the animated classic. It's also great that the most popular songs of the animated classic are in this. The Bare Necessities and I wanna be like you. We also get a more ferocious and evil look of Shere Khan in this. He kills Mowgli's father after he gets burnt on his face leaving him scared like Scar from the Lion King and he kills Akela too. Mowgli doesn't even realize about his fathers death until Kaa voiced by Scarlett Johanson shows him an image of the past before she tries to eat him and Baloo rescues Mowgli from her. At the near end of this movie Mowgli engages a battle with Shere Khan around a fiery part of the jungle which was started when he grabbed a torch from the man village from sparks. When Shere Khan has Mowgli cornered in a tree above the flames Mowgli tells Shere Khan that he is no longer afraid of him. Then Shere Khan charges towards Mowgli but Mowgli manages to dodge him and the branch Shere Khan was standing on breaks and Shere Khan falls to horrible fiery death. What's also great about this is the ending cause unlike the ending of the original animated classic Mowgli actually stays in the jungle with his friends Bagheera and Baloo and the wolves and elephants. That's how it should've been in the original animated classic cause it's sad seeing Mowgli go back to the man village. Mowgli deserves to be in the jungle with his friends. 10 out of 10 for this.

From a Theatre artist's perspective, music speaks for things at sort here... The Jungle Book is a roaring success! With its CGI, actions and emotions all intact, there is nothing more I could ask from it. While others whine about how absurd the injection of the two short musical pieces "Bare Necessities" and "I Wanna Be Like You" turned out in the film, I'd rather those were the evoking and gentle areas in the story; likely serving as asides for the emotionally-larger than life characters, Baloo and King Louie. In fact, I could even hum a tone for Shere Khan, the chilling and villainous Bengal Tiger who would do everything to eradicate Mowgli from the jungle. Technically, music speaks for things at sort here- hatred, fear, love, frustrations, etc. We can't entirely get away from it. And music, as a good old piece from musicals and other theatrical conventions, gets a fresh touch in this non-musical live-action adventure. Nonetheless, even with the wolf pack's stoic pronunciation of the "Laws of the Jungle", familiar notes are already rung in the audience's hearts. But, had it been that they decided to turn this into a full musical, the film would definitely flop! 

A well-presented story… Eventually, for the first time since Avatar and Life of Pi, I enjoyed a seamlessly presented story. A story that stands on its own- the Jungle Book will always be remembered as it is. It may not be an utter classic, but it is enough a masterpiece to behold. Ultimately, the Jungle Book goes beyond the Disney branding as a distinct collaboration of talents, Jon Favreau (Director), Justin Marks (for the characters' well-paced dialogue), Ben Kingsley (voice of Bagheera), Bill Murray (voice of Baloo), Lupita Nyong'o (voice of Rakhsa), Scarlett Johansson (voice of Kaa), Idris Elba (voice of Shere Khan), Giancarlo Esposito (voice of Akela), debuting actor Neel Sethi (as Mowgli) and most of all, Rudyard Kipling for penning the classic story of the same title. 

A wholesome package! The Jungle Book has everything in it. It could be a political satire when it wants to, or a dark and grim propaganda. It may relieve the intense atmosphere off with a wry humor or tearful goodbye, a little bit of music and jovial monkey dancing as "verfremdungseffekt" and even perhaps a wild chorus of primitive growls that speak of more serious human agenda at hand. Magnanimously, the Jungle Book reawakens the Lion King in its head- docking stampedes, resurrects the Passion of the Christ in Mowgli's bearing of the weight for the greater good and stupendously animates Alice Walker's Flowers in Mowgli's rite of passage, symbolized by the Red Flower (Torch of Fire) he carries facing Shere Khan. As mentioned earlier this film will roar at all ages since it is more than just a children's action, adventure and entertainment tale. It will snarl at you, shaking and swinging you from the gut. (One last note though: Don't bother watching this if not in IMAX 3D. Otherwise, you might only end up cheating yourself of the spectacle.)

Simply put, I loved this version of The Jungle Book.

Why'd I love it? Allow me to tell you.

The casting was absolutely perfect. Idris Elba was a terrifyingly good Shere Khan. Every time Shere Khan was on-screen, the hairs on the back of my neck stood up. Bill Murray as Baloo - one of the greatest decisions ever made. Ben Kingsley, in typical Ben Kingsley fashion, made everything that Bagheera said and did regal and dignified. Christopher Walken surprised me with his spot-on King Louie, and I was also pleasantly surprised at the gender change in the seductive Kaa (played by an equally seductive Scarlett Johanssen). And Neel Sethi (whom I hadn't seen in anything prior to this) - I don't know if I have the words for just how impressed I was with his portrayal of Mowgli.

It was also visually stunning - the way that it was filmed at times made me feel like I was actually there, running with Mowgli and his friends and family. I was surprised to learn that most of it was filmed in a studio set, and that the rest was basically CGI. It's amazing what they're able to do with technology.

Unlike its 1967 cartoon namesake, this Jungle Book was a bit more dangerous and edgy. We keenly sense the danger that Mowgli is in as Shere Khan makes threats against him, and we realize that there is really no one that can completely protect him from that threat. And so begins Mowgli's journey; it starts out as a trek to move far away from the danger he's placed in, but ends as a journey of self-discovery.

I thought it was a nice twist that the end of the movie saw Mowgli, not being led away by a little girl from the man-village, but once again becoming part of the only home he has ever known - the jungle. All in all, it was a fantastic movie, a wonderful throwback to my childhood and an enjoyable gem in my adulthood. :)

I loved it. Its a wonderful movie. What can I say? The main character portrait by Neel Sethi who plays mowgli nails it. Its not every time one see a child going so well in a role. Very well directed? Maybe. But that just increases this movie quality. The feelings, the face expressions, the body language, is all there. I cannot say precisely what is CGI with Mowgli and what it's not. I guess all is CGI for sure but the beauty of it is... No one notices! 

Isn't that what makes the better movies?

Urray for Bill Murray! He also nails it. Like usual... Lets admit it. He just fits well in this and his ways actually improves his character, thanks to the sarcastic humorous thing he does so well for so long.

To be nitpicking there was just one little tiny personal think I felt to be out of place: King Louis's voice. It kinda made me loose interest in the story... Maybe he should have been the snake!

Any way, its a very well done film, with a plot that actually develops well and the most agreeable thing is... it differs slyly from most of Hollywood animation story telling. 

If one goes and see it with a child just has to make sure the kid can take it. This is a movie with talking animals, with action and fight scenes. Not extremely violent but the danger is felted and insinuated by bushes moving, mystery, worried animals... A very small child can feel troubled by the natural/quite unnatural laws of the jungle. I'll say... not under 6, at least.

Oh, and stay for the credits. Stay!!

The Jungle Book was produced by Jon Favreau and Brigham Taylor on April 15, 2016. Mowgli, the man-cub, was left behind by villagers when he was a baby an since then, he has been raised by Akela and Raksha, the wolves. They were a very happy and peaceful family until Shere Khan, the tiger, threatens Akela. Shere Khan says that Mowgli must return to the man village, or he will kill him. Mowgli leaves with Bagheera to return to the man village. On the way Mowgli gets separated from Bagheera and is caught in a trap by Kaa, a snake, however Baloo saves him just in time. In the meantime while Bagheera is looking for Mowgli, Mowgli is with Baloo helping him to get honey. When Bagheera finally finds Mowgli, he tells him the terrible news. And then Mowgli and Baloo and Bagheera are off on another adventure to hopefully save everything. 

In the Jungle Book there are very realistic sounds that help you understand everything. The visuals are really what tells the story. The pictures help build up the intensity of the situations. The facial expressions of the animals and Mowgli help to build up the viewers emotions.

The theme of family is perceived very well in the movie. Even though Mowgli is a human, the wolves treat him and love as though he is their own cub. And even though Akela ad Raksha are wolves, Mowgli still treats them and loves them as though they are his actual parents. The wolf cubs also treat Mowgli as though they are his real brothers and sisters.

Over all, the move is very well put together and a very excellent movie. 
This Indian origin movie was first release in India ahead of states so, I got a chance to see this movie.This Jon favreau movie felt a very compelling yet entertaining movie. Shere Khan(voiced by Idris Elba) was the top character in the mix though. Now lets get through elements of this movie... Story: The film is more or less a 1967 Disney film remake... Graphics: THe graphics of this movie were show stealing for most part. CGI gets a huge applause cause most of this characters in the film were computer generated. these two parts of the movie makes it one of the best Disney movies of all time. The voice over for the characters were very good. This movie should be watched in digital 3D to get the best experience possible because animals in this movie jump at you....

I never really watched the animated 60's film version, but director Jon Favreau really brings the love of this classic to modern time, he doesn't try to be realistic but sort of the cartoon version in live action. With a film like this I can suspend a series of disbelief, except this fantasy.

Neel Sethi was memorable has Mowgil, he really sells his performance of someone talking to animals, he is just a joy to watch, so are the CGI animals, they look so real you forget they are CGI. And the voice actors like Idris Elda, Bill Murray, and Ben Kingsley to name a few, really bring the characters to life. I really liked this film, just a fun time, I believe it's for kids and adults.
